---
id: version-22.x-mock-function-api
title: Mock Functions
original_id: mock-function-api
---

Mock functions are also known as "spies", because they let you spy on the behavior of a function that is called indirectly by some other code, rather than only testing the output. You can create a mock function with `jest.fn()`. If no implementation is given, the mock function will return `undefined` when invoked.

## Methods

<AUTOGENERATED_TABLE_OF_CONTENTS>

---

## Reference

### `mockFn.getMockName()`

Returns the mock name string set by calling `mockFn.mockName(value)`.

### `mockFn.mock.calls`

An array that represents all calls that have been made into this mock function. Each call is represented by an array of arguments that were passed during the call.

For example: A mock function `f` that has been called twice, with the arguments `f('arg1', 'arg2')`, and then with the arguments `f('arg3', 'arg4')` would have a `mock.calls` array that looks like this:

```js
[
  ['arg1', 'arg2'],
  ['arg3', 'arg4'],
];
```

### `mockFn.mock.instances`

An array that contains all the object instances that have been instantiated from this mock function using `new`.

For example: A mock function that has been instantiated twice would have the following `mock.instances` array:

```js
const mockFn = jest.fn();

const a = new mockFn();
const b = new mockFn();

mockFn.mock.instances[0] === a; // true
mockFn.mock.instances[1] === b; // true
```

### `mockFn.mockClear()`

Resets all information stored in the [`mockFn.mock.calls`](#mockfnmockcalls) and [`mockFn.mock.instances`](#mockfnmockinstances) arrays.

Often this is useful when you want to clean up a mock's usage data between two assertions.

Beware that `mockClear` will replace `mockFn.mock`, not just [`mockFn.mock.calls`](#mockfnmockcalls) and [`mockFn.mock.instances`](#mockfnmockinstances). You should therefore avoid assigning `mockFn.mock` to other variables, temporary or not, to make sure you don't access stale data.

The [`clearMocks`](configuration.html#clearmocks-boolean) configuration option is available to clear mocks automatically between tests.

### `mockFn.mockReset()`

Resets all information stored in the mock, including any initial implementation and mock name given.

This is useful when you want to completely restore a mock back to its initial state.

Beware that `mockReset` will replace `mockFn.mock`, not just [`mockFn.mock.calls`](#mockfnmockcalls) and [`mockFn.mock.instances`](#mockfnmockinstances). You should therefore avoid assigning `mockFn.mock` to other variables, temporary or not, to make sure you don't access stale data.

### `mockFn.mockRestore()`

Removes the mock and restores the initial implementation.

This is useful when you want to mock functions in certain test cases and restore the original implementation in others.

Beware that `mockFn.mockRestore` only works when the mock was created with `jest.spyOn`. Thus you have to take care of restoration yourself when manually assigning `jest.fn()`.

### `mockFn.mockImplementation(fn)`

Accepts a function that should be used as the implementation of the mock. The mock itself will still record all calls that go into and instances that come from itself – the only difference is that the implementation will also be executed when the mock is called.

_Note: `jest.fn(implementation)` is a shorthand for `jest.fn().mockImplementation(implementation)`._

For example:

```js
const mockFn = jest.fn().mockImplementation(scalar => 42 + scalar);
// or: jest.fn(scalar => 42 + scalar);

const a = mockFn(0);
const b = mockFn(1);

a === 42; // true
b === 43; // true

mockFn.mock.calls[0][0] === 0; // true
mockFn.mock.calls[1][0] === 1; // true
```

`mockImplementation` can also be used to mock class constructors:

```
// SomeClass.js
module.exports = class SomeClass {
  m(a, b) {}
}

// OtherModule.test.js
jest.mock('./SomeClass');  // this happens automatically with automocking
const SomeClass = require('./SomeClass')
const mMock = jest.fn()
SomeClass.mockImplementation(() => {
  return {
    m: mMock
  }
})

const some = new SomeClass()
some.m('a', 'b')
console.log('Calls to m: ', mMock.mock.calls)
```

### `mockFn.mockImplementationOnce(fn)`

Accepts a function that will be used as an implementation of the mock for one call to the mocked function. Can be chained so that multiple function calls produce different results.

```
var myMockFn = jest.fn()
  .mockImplementationOnce(cb => cb(null, true))
  .mockImplementationOnce(cb => cb(null, false));

myMockFn((err, val) => console.log(val));
> true

myMockFn((err, val) => console.log(val));
> false
```

When the mocked function runs out of implementations defined with mockImplementationOnce, it will execute the default implementation set with `jest.fn(() => defaultValue)` or `.mockImplementation(() => defaultValue)` if they were called:

```
var myMockFn = jest.fn(() => 'default')
  .mockImplementationOnce(() => 'first call')
  .mockImplementationOnce(() => 'second call');

console.log(myMockFn(), myMockFn(), myMockFn(), myMockFn());
> 'first call', 'second call', 'default', 'default'
```

### `mockFn.mockName(value)`

Accepts a string to use in test result output in place of "jest.fn()" to indicate which mock function is being referenced.

For example:

```js
const mockFn = jest.fn().mockName('mockedFunction');
// mockFn();
expect(mockFn).toHaveBeenCalled();
```

Will result in this error:

```
expect(mockedFunction).toHaveBeenCalled()

Expected mock function "mockedFunction" to have been called, but it was not called.
```

### `mockFn.mockReturnThis()`

Syntactic sugar function for:

```js
jest.fn(function () {
  return this;
});
```

### `mockFn.mockReturnValue(value)`

Accepts a value that will be returned whenever the mock function is called.

```js
const mock = jest.fn();
mock.mockReturnValue(42);
mock(); // 42
mock.mockReturnValue(43);
mock(); // 43
```

### `mockFn.mockReturnValueOnce(value)`

Accepts a value that will be returned for one call to the mock function. Can be chained so that successive calls to the mock function return different values. When there are no more `mockReturnValueOnce` values to use, calls will return a value specified by `mockReturnValue`.

```
const myMockFn = jest.fn()
  .mockReturnValue('default')
  .mockReturnValueOnce('first call')
  .mockReturnValueOnce('second call');

console.log(myMockFn(), myMockFn(), myMockFn(), myMockFn());
> 'first call', 'second call', 'default', 'default'
```
