docs/ManualMocks.md, before:

---
id: manual-mocks
title: Manual mocks
layout: docs
category: Reference
permalink: docs/manual-mocks.html
next: timer-mocks
---

Manual mocks are used to stub out functionality with mock data. For example, instead of accessing a remote resource like a website or a database, you might want to create a manual mock that allows you to use fake data. This ensures your tests will be fast and not flaky.

Manual mocks are defined by writing a module in a `__mocks__/` subdirectory
immediately adjacent to the module. For example, to mock a module called
``user`` in the ``models`` directory, create a file called ``user.js`` and
put it in the ``models/__mocks__`` directory. If the module you are mocking is
a node module (eg: `fs`), the mock should be placed in the same parent
directory as the ``node_modules`` folder. Eg:

```
  node_modules
  __mocks__
    fs.js
  __tests__
  models
    __mocks__
      user.js
    user.js
  views
  config
```

When a manual mock exists for a given module, Jest's module system will use that module when explicitly calling `jest.mock('moduleName')`.

Here's a contrived example where we have a module that provides a summary of
all the files in a given directory.

```javascript
// FileSummarizer.js
'use strict';

const fs = require('fs');

function summarizeFilesInDirectorySync(directory) {
  return fs.readdirSync(directory).map(fileName => ({
    fileName,
    directory,
  }));
}

exports.summarizeFilesInDirectorySync = summarizeFilesInDirectorySync;
```

Since we'd like our tests to avoid actually hitting the disk (that's pretty
slow and fragile), we create a manual mock for the `fs` module by extending an
automatic mock. Our manual mock will implement custom versions of the `fs` APIs
that we can build on for our tests:

```javascript
// __mocks__/fs.js
'use strict';

const path = require('path');

const fs = jest.genMockFromModule('fs');

// This is a custom function that our tests can use during setup to specify
// what the files on the "mock" filesystem should look like when any of the
// `fs` APIs are used.
let mockFiles = Object.create(null);
function __setMockFiles(newMockFiles) {
  mockFiles = Object.create(null);
  for (const file in newMockFiles) {
    const dir = path.dirname(file);

    if (!mockFiles[dir]) {
      mockFiles[dir] = [];
    }
    mockFiles[dir].push(path.basename(file));
  }
}

// A custom version of `readdirSync` that reads from the special mocked out
// file list set via __setMockFiles
function readdirSync(directoryPath) {
  return mockFiles[directoryPath] || [];
}

fs.__setMockFiles = __setMockFiles;
fs.readdirSync = readdirSync;

module.exports = fs;
```

Now we write our test:

```javascript
// __tests__/FileSummarizer-test.js
'use strict';

jest.mock('fs');

describe('listFilesInDirectorySync', () => {
  const MOCK_FILE_INFO = {
    '/path/to/file1.js': 'console.log("file1 contents");',
    '/path/to/file2.txt': 'file2 contents',
  };

  beforeEach(() => {
    // Set up some mocked out file info before each test
    require('fs').__setMockFiles(MOCK_FILE_INFO);
  });

  it('includes all files in the directory in the summary', () => {
    const FileSummarizer = require('../FileSummarizer');
    const fileSummary = FileSummarizer.summarizeFilesInDirectorySync(
      '/path/to'
    );

    expect(fileSummary.length).toBe(2);
  });
});
```

The example mock shown here uses [`jest.genMockFromModule`](/jest/docs/api.html#jestgenmockfrommodulemodulename)
to generate an automatic mock, and overrides its default behavior. This is the
recommended approach, but is completely optional. If you do not want to use the
automatic mock at all, you can simply export your own functions from the mock
file. One downside to fully manual mocks is that they're manual –
meaning you have to manually update them any time the module they are mocking
changes. Because of this, it's best to use or extend the automatic mock when it
works for your needs.

To ensure that a manual mock and its real implementation stay in sync, it might be useful to require the real module using `require.requireActual(moduleName)` in your manual mock and amending it with mock functions before exporting it.

The code for this example is available at
[examples/manual_mocks](https://github.com/facebook/jest/tree/master/examples/manual_mocks).

Commit message:

add detail regarding manual mocks and node modules

docs/ManualMocks.md, after:

---
id: manual-mocks
title: Manual mocks
layout: docs
category: Reference
permalink: docs/manual-mocks.html
next: timer-mocks
---

Manual mocks are used to stub out functionality with mock data. For example, instead of accessing a remote resource like a website or a database, you might want to create a manual mock that allows you to use fake data. This ensures your tests will be fast and not flaky.

Manual mocks are defined by writing a module in a `__mocks__/` subdirectory
immediately adjacent to the module. For example, to mock a module called
``user`` in the ``models`` directory, create a file called ``user.js`` and
put it in the ``models/__mocks__`` directory. If the module you are mocking is
a node module (eg: `fs`), the mock should be placed in the same parent
directory as the ``node_modules`` folder. Eg:

```
  node_modules
  __mocks__
    fs.js
  __tests__
  models
    __mocks__
      user.js
    user.js
  views
  config
```

When a manual mock exists for a given module, Jest's module system will use that module when explicitly calling `jest.mock('moduleName')`. However, manual mocks will take precedence over node modules even if `jest.mock('moduleName')` is not called. To opt out of this behavior you will need to explicitly call `jest.unmock('moduleName')` in tests that should use the actual module implementation.

Here's a contrived example where we have a module that provides a summary of
all the files in a given directory.

```javascript
// FileSummarizer.js
'use strict';

const fs = require('fs');

function summarizeFilesInDirectorySync(directory) {
  return fs.readdirSync(directory).map(fileName => ({
    fileName,
    directory,
  }));
}

exports.summarizeFilesInDirectorySync = summarizeFilesInDirectorySync;
```

Since we'd like our tests to avoid actually hitting the disk (that's pretty
slow and fragile), we create a manual mock for the `fs` module by extending an
automatic mock. Our manual mock will implement custom versions of the `fs` APIs
that we can build on for our tests:

```javascript
// __mocks__/fs.js
'use strict';

const path = require('path');

const fs = jest.genMockFromModule('fs');

// This is a custom function that our tests can use during setup to specify
// what the files on the "mock" filesystem should look like when any of the
// `fs` APIs are used.
let mockFiles = Object.create(null);
function __setMockFiles(newMockFiles) {
  mockFiles = Object.create(null);
  for (const file in newMockFiles) {
    const dir = path.dirname(file);

    if (!mockFiles[dir]) {
      mockFiles[dir] = [];
    }
    mockFiles[dir].push(path.basename(file));
  }
}

// A custom version of `readdirSync` that reads from the special mocked out
// file list set via __setMockFiles
function readdirSync(directoryPath) {
  return mockFiles[directoryPath] || [];
}

fs.__setMockFiles = __setMockFiles;
fs.readdirSync = readdirSync;

module.exports = fs;
```

Now we write our test:

```javascript
// __tests__/FileSummarizer-test.js
'use strict';

jest.mock('fs');

describe('listFilesInDirectorySync', () => {
  const MOCK_FILE_INFO = {
    '/path/to/file1.js': 'console.log("file1 contents");',
    '/path/to/file2.txt': 'file2 contents',
  };

  beforeEach(() => {
    // Set up some mocked out file info before each test
    require('fs').__setMockFiles(MOCK_FILE_INFO);
  });

  it('includes all files in the directory in the summary', () => {
    const FileSummarizer = require('../FileSummarizer');
    const fileSummary = FileSummarizer.summarizeFilesInDirectorySync(
      '/path/to'
    );

    expect(fileSummary.length).toBe(2);
  });
});
```

The example mock shown here uses [`jest.genMockFromModule`](/jest/docs/api.html#jestgenmockfrommodulemodulename)
to generate an automatic mock, and overrides its default behavior. This is the
recommended approach, but is completely optional. If you do not want to use the
automatic mock at all, you can simply export your own functions from the mock
file. One downside to fully manual mocks is that they're manual –
meaning you have to manually update them any time the module they are mocking
changes. Because of this, it's best to use or extend the automatic mock when it
works for your needs.

To ensure that a manual mock and its real implementation stay in sync, it might be useful to require the real module using `require.requireActual(moduleName)` in your manual mock and amending it with mock functions before exporting it.

The code for this example is available at
[examples/manual_mocks](https://github.com/facebook/jest/tree/master/examples/manual_mocks).
