docs/TimerMocks.md, before:

---
id: timer-mocks
title: Timer Mocks
---

The native timer functions (i.e., `setTimeout`, `setInterval`, `clearTimeout`,
`clearInterval`) are less than ideal for a testing environment since they depend
on real time to elapse. Jest can swap out timers with functions that allow you to control the passage of time.
[Great Scott!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5gVv10J4nio)

```javascript
// timerGame.js
'use strict';

function timerGame(callback) {
  console.log('Ready....go!');
  setTimeout(() => {
    console.log('Times up -- stop!');
    callback && callback();
  }, 1000);
}

module.exports = timerGame;
```

```javascript
// __tests__/timerGame-test.js
'use strict';

jest.useFakeTimers();

test('waits 1 second before ending the game', () => {
  const timerGame = require('../timerGame');
  timerGame();

  expect(setTimeout.mock.calls.length).toBe(1);
  expect(setTimeout.mock.calls[0][1]).toBe(1000);
});
```

Here we enable fake timers by calling `jest.useFakeTimers();`. This mocks out setTimeout and other timer functions with mock functions.

## Run All Timers

Another test we might want to write for this module is one that asserts that the
callback is called after 1 second. To do this, we're going to use Jest's timer
control APIs to fast-forward time right in the middle of the test:

```javascript
  test('calls the callback after 1 second', () => {
    const timerGame = require('../timerGame');
    const callback = jest.fn();

    timerGame(callback);

    // At this point in time, the callback should not have been called yet
    expect(callback).not.toBeCalled();

    // Fast-forward until all timers have been executed
    jest.runAllTimers();

    // Now our callback should have been called!
    expect(callback).toBeCalled();
    expect(callback.mock.calls.length).toBe(1);
  });
```

## Run Pending Timers

There are also scenarios where you might have a recursive timer -- that is a
timer that sets a new timer in its own callback. For these, running all the
timers would be an endless loop… so something like `jest.runAllTimers()` is not
desirable. For these cases you might use `jest.runOnlyPendingTimers()`:

```javascript
// infiniteTimerGame.js
'use strict';

function infiniteTimerGame(callback) {
  console.log('Ready....go!');

  setTimeout(() => {
    console.log('Times up! 10 seconds before the next game starts...');
    callback && callback();

    // Schedule the next game in 10 seconds
    setTimeout(() => {
      infiniteTimerGame(callback);
    }, 10000);

  }, 1000);
}

module.exports = infiniteTimerGame;
```

```javascript
// __tests__/infiniteTimerGame-test.js
'use strict';

jest.useFakeTimers();

describe('infiniteTimerGame', () => {
  test('schedules a 10-second timer after 1 second', () => {
    const infiniteTimerGame = require('../infiniteTimerGame');
    const callback = jest.fn();

    infiniteTimerGame(callback);

    // At this point in time, there should have been a single call to
    // setTimeout to schedule the end of the game in 1 second.
    expect(setTimeout.mock.calls.length).toBe(1);
    expect(setTimeout.mock.calls[0][1]).toBe(1000);

    // Fast forward and exhaust only currently pending timers
    // (but not any new timers that get created during that process)
    jest.runOnlyPendingTimers();

    // At this point, our 1-second timer should have fired it's callback
    expect(callback).toBeCalled();

    // And it should have created a new timer to start the game over in
    // 10 seconds
    expect(setTimeout.mock.calls.length).toBe(2);
    expect(setTimeout.mock.calls[1][1]).toBe(10000);
  });
});
```

## Advance Timers by Time

Another possibility is use `jest.advanceTimersByTime(msToRun)`. When this API is called, all timers are advanced by `msToRun` milliseconds. All pending "macro-tasks" that have been queued via setTimeout() or setInterval(), and would be executed during this timeframe, will be executed. Additionally if those macro-tasks schedule new macro-tasks that would be executed within the same time frame, those will be executed until there are no more macro-tasks remaining in the queue that should be run within msToRun milliseconds.

```javascript
// timerGame.js
'use strict';

function timerGame(callback) {
  console.log('Ready....go!');
  setTimeout(() => {
    console.log('Times up -- stop!');
    callback && callback();
  }, 1000);
}

module.exports = timerGame;
```

```javascript
it('calls the callback after 1 second via advanceTimersByTime', () => {
  const timerGame = require('../timerGame');
  const callback = jest.fn();

  timerGame(callback);

  // At this point in time, the callback should not have been called yet
  expect(callback).not.toBeCalled();

  // Fast-forward until all timers have been executed
  jest.advanceTimersByTime(1000);

  // Now our callback should have been called!
  expect(callback).toBeCalled();
  expect(callback.mock.calls.length).toBe(1);
});
```

Lastly, it may occasionally be useful in some tests to be able to clear all of
the pending timers. For this, we have `jest.clearAllTimers()`.

The code for this example is available at
[examples/timer](https://github.com/facebook/jest/tree/master/examples/timer).

Commit message:

Add availability note for advanceTimersByTime (#4857)
`runTimersToTime` was renamed to `advanceTimersByTime` in 21.3.0. This updates the docs to show the functionality exists in previous versions.

docs/TimerMocks.md, after:

---
id: timer-mocks
title: Timer Mocks
---

The native timer functions (i.e., `setTimeout`, `setInterval`, `clearTimeout`,
`clearInterval`) are less than ideal for a testing environment since they depend
on real time to elapse. Jest can swap out timers with functions that allow you to control the passage of time.
[Great Scott!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5gVv10J4nio)

```javascript
// timerGame.js
'use strict';

function timerGame(callback) {
  console.log('Ready....go!');
  setTimeout(() => {
    console.log('Times up -- stop!');
    callback && callback();
  }, 1000);
}

module.exports = timerGame;
```

```javascript
// __tests__/timerGame-test.js
'use strict';

jest.useFakeTimers();

test('waits 1 second before ending the game', () => {
  const timerGame = require('../timerGame');
  timerGame();

  expect(setTimeout.mock.calls.length).toBe(1);
  expect(setTimeout.mock.calls[0][1]).toBe(1000);
});
```

Here we enable fake timers by calling `jest.useFakeTimers();`. This mocks out setTimeout and other timer functions with mock functions.

## Run All Timers

Another test we might want to write for this module is one that asserts that the
callback is called after 1 second. To do this, we're going to use Jest's timer
control APIs to fast-forward time right in the middle of the test:

```javascript
  test('calls the callback after 1 second', () => {
    const timerGame = require('../timerGame');
    const callback = jest.fn();

    timerGame(callback);

    // At this point in time, the callback should not have been called yet
    expect(callback).not.toBeCalled();

    // Fast-forward until all timers have been executed
    jest.runAllTimers();

    // Now our callback should have been called!
    expect(callback).toBeCalled();
    expect(callback.mock.calls.length).toBe(1);
  });
```

## Run Pending Timers

There are also scenarios where you might have a recursive timer -- that is a
timer that sets a new timer in its own callback. For these, running all the
timers would be an endless loop… so something like `jest.runAllTimers()` is not
desirable. For these cases you might use `jest.runOnlyPendingTimers()`:

```javascript
// infiniteTimerGame.js
'use strict';

function infiniteTimerGame(callback) {
  console.log('Ready....go!');

  setTimeout(() => {
    console.log('Times up! 10 seconds before the next game starts...');
    callback && callback();

    // Schedule the next game in 10 seconds
    setTimeout(() => {
      infiniteTimerGame(callback);
    }, 10000);

  }, 1000);
}

module.exports = infiniteTimerGame;
```

```javascript
// __tests__/infiniteTimerGame-test.js
'use strict';

jest.useFakeTimers();

describe('infiniteTimerGame', () => {
  test('schedules a 10-second timer after 1 second', () => {
    const infiniteTimerGame = require('../infiniteTimerGame');
    const callback = jest.fn();

    infiniteTimerGame(callback);

    // At this point in time, there should have been a single call to
    // setTimeout to schedule the end of the game in 1 second.
    expect(setTimeout.mock.calls.length).toBe(1);
    expect(setTimeout.mock.calls[0][1]).toBe(1000);

    // Fast forward and exhaust only currently pending timers
    // (but not any new timers that get created during that process)
    jest.runOnlyPendingTimers();

    // At this point, our 1-second timer should have fired it's callback
    expect(callback).toBeCalled();

    // And it should have created a new timer to start the game over in
    // 10 seconds
    expect(setTimeout.mock.calls.length).toBe(2);
    expect(setTimeout.mock.calls[1][1]).toBe(10000);
  });
});
```

## Advance Timers by Time
##### renamed from `runTimersToTime` to `advanceTimersByTime` in Jest **21.3.0**

Another possibility is use `jest.advanceTimersByTime(msToRun)`. When this API is called, all timers are advanced by `msToRun` milliseconds. All pending "macro-tasks" that have been queued via setTimeout() or setInterval(), and would be executed during this timeframe, will be executed. Additionally if those macro-tasks schedule new macro-tasks that would be executed within the same time frame, those will be executed until there are no more macro-tasks remaining in the queue that should be run within msToRun milliseconds.

```javascript
// timerGame.js
'use strict';

function timerGame(callback) {
  console.log('Ready....go!');
  setTimeout(() => {
    console.log('Times up -- stop!');
    callback && callback();
  }, 1000);
}

module.exports = timerGame;
```

```javascript
it('calls the callback after 1 second via advanceTimersByTime', () => {
  const timerGame = require('../timerGame');
  const callback = jest.fn();

  timerGame(callback);

  // At this point in time, the callback should not have been called yet
  expect(callback).not.toBeCalled();

  // Fast-forward until all timers have been executed
  jest.advanceTimersByTime(1000);

  // Now our callback should have been called!
  expect(callback).toBeCalled();
  expect(callback.mock.calls.length).toBe(1);
});
```

Lastly, it may occasionally be useful in some tests to be able to clear all of
the pending timers. For this, we have `jest.clearAllTimers()`.

The code for this example is available at
[examples/timer](https://github.com/facebook/jest/tree/master/examples/timer).
